# Preprocessing documents

- `clean.py`: Takes html-format documents as input and cleans up text portions.
  Saves cleaned documents as text.
- `mask.py`: Takes text documents generated by `clean.py` and masks certain
  tokens and information. Saves masked documents as text.
- `segment.py`: Takes texts documents generated by `mask.py` OR `clean.py` and
  segments into sentencecs. Saves as dictionaries where each key is a line
  number and the information is the text and the span of the line.
- `extract_statutes.py`: Takes dictionary information generated by `segment.py`
  and extracts statutes for each sentence. Saves as dictionaries as generated by
  `segment.py` with an added section and act information for each line.
- `get_sentences.py`: Gets the per-sentence text for each document generated by
  `segment.py` OR `extract_statutes.py`. Saves the lines as text. Used for
  rhetorical role extraction.
- `combine.py`: Combines the rhetorical role information of each line into the
  dictionary data generated by `segment.py` or `extract_statutes.py`.
- `utils.py`: General utilities required by all other scripts for loading,
  saving and logging.
- act_titles.py: List of acts used for extraction of statutes.
- `section_titles.py`: List of sections/statutes used for verification of
  extracted statutes.
- `section_titles.json`: Converts the list 'section_titles.txt' into a dictionary
  for faster access.
- `process.py`: **INEFFICIENT** Applies the pipeline of all processing. VERY
  SLOW. DO NOT USE.
